feat(nuxt): add `callOnce` util to allow running code only once (#24787)
nuxt/nuxt: docs/1.getting-started/7.state-management.md

To globally invalidate cached state, see [`clearNuxtState`](/docs/api/utils/clear-nuxt-state) util.
::

> ### Init with Async Data

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Initializing State
```

Most of the time you will want to initialize your state with async data, you can use the [`app.vue`](/docs/guide/directory-structure/app) component to do so with the [`once`](/docs/api/utils/once) util.

```vue [app.vue]
<script setup>
const websiteConfig = useState('config')

await once(async () => {
  websiteConfig.value = await $fetch('https://my-cms.com/api/website-config')
})
</script>
```

::callout
This is similar to Nuxt 2 `nuxtServerInit` action to fill the store with data before rendering the page.
::

:read-more{to="/docs/api/utils/once"}

### Usage with Pinia

In this example, we leverage the [Pinia module](/modules/pinia) to create a global store and use it across the app.

::callout

> Make sure to install the Pinia module with `npx nuxi@latest module add pinia`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Make sure to install the Pinia module with `npx nuxi@latest module add pinia @pinia/nuxt`
```
Pinia has an official module that I feel like should also be included, as that's the module that goes in the `modules` array.

> Make sure to install the Pinia module with `npx nuxi@latest module add pinia`

Reviewer 2: Should this also include regular installation steps for those that don't use the cli for whatever reason?

Reviewer 3: I link to the Pinia module actually so I think that should be enough no?

Reviewer 2: I guess so. Perhaps it can say something like "or follow the module's installation stete"? Some people might mistake it for a typo in the docs if it's not made clear that it's equivalent, especially those whose native language isn't English.

Reviewer 3: Updated

To globally invalidate cached state, see [`clearNuxtState`](/docs/api/utils/clear-nuxt-state) util.
::

### Initializing State

> Most of the time you will want to initialize your state with async data, you can use the [`app.vue`](/docs/guide/directory-structure/app) component to do so with the [`once`](/docs/api/utils/once) util.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Most of the time, you will want to initialize your state with data that resolves asynchronously. You can use the [`app.vue`](/docs/guide/directory-structure/app) component to do so with the [`once`](/docs/api/utils/once) util.
```

```vue [app.vue]
<script setup>
const websiteConfig = useState('config')

await once(async () => {
  websiteConfig.value = await $fetch('https://my-cms.com/api/website-config')
})
</script>
```

::callout

> This is similar to Nuxt 2 `nuxtServerInit` action to fill the store with data before rendering the page.

Reviewer 4: Would be nice to add a link for anyone unfamiliar with Nuxt 2 :) Reworded it slightly, feel free to modify even further if needed!
```suggestion
This is similar to the [`nuxtServerInit` action](https://v2.nuxt.com/docs/directory-structure/store/#the-nuxtserverinit-action) in Nuxt 2, which allows filling the initial state of your store server-side before rendering the page on the client side.
```
